yeah it's Paul Newman
he's Harper Harper's that's a little
tougher there are some girls who think
they've got him pinned down playing
cat-and-mouse with a man like Harper is
a dangerous game mouse always gets
caught but I like dangerous games your
husband keeps lousy company mr. Samson
as bad as there is in LA and that's as
bad as there is don't tangle with Lew
Harper go drink some poison you got a
better chance he's got cup size and he
knows how to hurt I think I can convince
my friends and a narcotics part those
tracks are fresh what else yeah nothing
come on
nothing nothing puddler
it's paws parlor private
that low Harper's sure has me paid he
knows I can't say no I want you to go
hell you say he'll go right when I'm
like this you want for me a few kind
words anything I can get I'm not a child
anymore
so if Lew Harper won't come to me and
I'll go to him young rich and beautiful
my wife is divorcing me what do you
think I think I think you're gonna relax
you really want to play around just
doused bytes and seal off the room
I've been worked over by experts all I
got left is bruises
so whatever Harper does to me I guess I
asked for it who knows maybe even like
it
I'll give you everything I have servants
joy so take your shoes that's a female
point of view for whatever it's worth
what about the male hey I'm in the
morning Alan tagging who Harbor
that's mr. Sampson's daughter yeah
that's the male point of view alright
but that ain't the right fella
yeah that's Harper now Harper actively
participates with qualified young
people's programs you will brave they're
done you wanna you really mean it yes
detective work is really fun people
often ask Harper what he does this kind
of probably worked for what do you do
this kind of crummy work for anyway are
you trying to be funny I do it because I
believe in the United Nations in
Southeast Asia so long as there's a
Siberia you'll find Luke Harper on a job
are you putting me on I don't think so
Paul Newman is Harper
you